fix: show previews for nomodifiable buffers (#32034)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

PLUGINS

> • 'inccomand' incremental preview now runs on 'nomodifiable' buffers and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• 'inccommand' incremental preview can run on 'nomodifiable' buffers and
```

>   restores their 'modifiable' state

Reviewer: this is in news-breaking. please find the PLUGINS section in news-features, below :)
